I thought you were bluffing.
So you really kidnapped my child
What if something bad happened to the other kids?
Why did you kidnap Dr. Lam's child?
Poison Baron
This woman must not enter the gate of Lijiang
Fitness hospital
Don't worry, I'll send someone to go again. I meet Four Treasures.
Check the place of the five treasures.
Don't you worry.
Today I call the shots for you
I am the mother of the young master of the Li family
Who am I going to leave with today?
Madam, thank you
But I have to deal with Lin Xiaoxiao personally.
Lin Xiaoxiao suffers from kidney damage
pale complexion
Lack of qi and blood, dizziness and unhealable thoughts
Are you really the biological mother of the young master of the Li family?
Lin Xiaoxiao is treacherous
Maybe the kid stole it
You are talking nonsense how can I be infertile
Wei Chang, what you said is true
I never joke about illness.
You used an innocent child to marry into a family
I'm so mean
You say that bastard is innocent
None of the five evil seeds born are innocent
Damn it! What do you mean?
You mean that hill is my eldest son?
Was the woman 6 years ago really the same?
Those five children are really my sons